rest-api.md, before:

# Public Rest API for Namebase
## General API Information
* The root API URL is https://www.namebase.io
* Parameters for GET requests must be sent as a `query string`.
* All other request methods require parameters in the request body as `Content-Type: application/json`
* Parameter order does not matter.
* All timestamps are in milliseconds.
* API errors take the following form:
```javascript
{
  "code": "NAMEBASE_API_ERROR_CODE",
  "message": "Error message appears here."
}
```

## Rate limiting
If your account repeatedly gets rate limited, then you are using the API improperly and must back off. Failure to do so will cause your account to lose API access. Namebase retains the right to ban your account with no notice if you are abusing the API.

The rate limits are set generously and are not meant to prohibit any amount of normal usage. In the future, we will standardize our rate limits and provide more explicit feedback about how many remaining requests you can send each minute.

## Timing security
* Some endpoints require you to send a `timestamp` of when you created the request.
* You can optionally specify a `receiveWindow` which determines when your timestamped request expires.
* The `receiveWindow` defaults to 5 seconds (so, `5000`)
* If your timestamp is ahead of the server time by too much, you will receive an error complaining about sending a timestamp from the future.
* You can query the exchange info endpoint to synchronize your computer's clock with the exchange's.

# Public Namebase API
## Terminology
* For a symbol like HNSBTC, HNS is the "base" asset and BTC is the "quote" asset
* All prices are in the units of quote asset per 1 unit of the base asset
* All quantities are in the units of the base asset, and all quote quantities are in the units of the quote asset
* Similarly, volumes are in the units of the base asset, and quote volumes are in the units of the quote asset

## ENUM definitions
### Order types
* `LMT` (limit)
* `MKT` (market)

### Order status
* `NEW` (on the book, no trades yet)
* `PARTIALLY_FILLED` (on the book, some trades have occurred)
* `FILLED` (automatically taken off the book, order fully satisfied)
* `CLOSED` (automatically taken off the book, order partially satisfied)
* `CANCELED` (the trader took the order off the book, order partially satisfied)

When a limit buy order is placed, due to complexities with rounding numbers, it may be the case that your order lacks sufficient quote to be fully satisfied. In this scenario, your order will automatically be removed from the book (the `CLOSED` state) and you will be refunded the dusty quote amount that remained. In the case of BTC, this dust amount is often just a few satoshis. This is rare and requires no action on your part.

When a market order is placed, there may be insufficient liquidity to fully satisfy the order. Alternatively, there may be price slippage and your account may lack sufficient funds to fully satisfy the order. In either case, the order is automtically removed from the book and placed in the `CLOSED` state.

Lastly, if you place two orders on opposite sites and accidentally trade with yourself, then your more recent order, the taker order, will be automatically removed from the book and placed in the `CLOSED` state. Your older, original order will remain on the book. For your own protection (to save you trading fees), Namebase's matching engine will not match two orders from the same user.

### Order side
* `BUY`
* `SELL`

**Valid kline intervals:**

* `1m` (one minute)
* `5m` (five minutes)
* `15m` (fifteen minutes)
* `1h` (one hour)
* `4h` (four hours)
* `12h` (twelve hours)
* `1d` (one day)
* `1w` (one week)

## Miscellaneous endpoints
### Exchange information
```
GET /api/v0/info
```
Current exchange trading rules and symbol information. Use to test connectivity to the Rest API.

**Parameters:**
NONE

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "timezone": "UTC",
  "serverTime": 1555556529865,
  "symbols": [{
    "symbol": "HNSBTC",
    "status": "TRADING",
    "baseAsset": "HNS",
    "basePrecision": 6,
    "quoteAsset": "BTC",
    "quotePrecision": 8,
    "orderTypes": ["LMT", "MKT"]
  }]
}
```

## Market Data endpoints
### Order book
```
GET /api/v0/depth
```

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
limit  | INT| NO | Default 100; max 1000. Valid limits:[5, 50, 100, 500, 1000]

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "lastEventId": 6828,         // The last event id this includes
  "bids": [
    ["0.00003000",  "200.000000"] // [Price level, Quantity]
  ],
  "asks": [
    ["0.00003100", "100.000000"]
  ]
}
```

### Trade lookup
```
GET /api/v0/trade
```
Get older trades.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
tradeId | LONG | NO | Trade id to fetch from. Default gets most recent trades.
limit | INT | NO | Default 100; max 1000.
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
[
  {
    "tradeId": 28457,
    "price": "0.00003000",
    "quantity": "500.000000",
    "quoteQuantity": "0.01500000",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
    "isBuyerMaker": true
  }
]
```

### Kline data
```
GET /api/v0/ticker/klines
```
Kline (candlestick) bars for a symbol.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
interval | ENUM | YES |
startTime | LONG | NO | Inclusive
endTime | LONG | NO | Inclusive
limit | INT | NO | Default 100; max 1000.

* If startTime and endTime are not sent, the most recent klines are returned.

**Response:**
```javascript
[
  {

    "openTime": 1557190800000,
    "closeTime": 1557190859999,
    "openPrice": "0.00002247",
    "highPrice": "0.00002256",
    "lowPrice": "0.00002243",
    "closePrice": "0.00002253",
    "volume": "10.001301",
    "quoteVolume": "0.000224824",
    "numberOfTrades": 42
  }
]
```


### 24hr ticker price change statistics
```
GET /api/v0/ticker/day
```
24 hour rolling window price change statistics.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "volumeWeightedAveragePrice": "0.00001959",
  "priceChange": "0.00000019",
  "priceChangePercent": "0.8528",
  "openPrice": "0.00002228",
  "highPrice": "0.00002247",
  "lowPrice": "0.00001414",
  "closePrice": "0.00002247",
  "volume": "11413.935399",
  "quoteVolume": "0.22363732",
  "openTime": 1555467560001,
  "closeTime": 1555553960000,
  "firstTradeId": 19761,
  "lastTradeId": 20926,
  "numberOfTrades": 1166
}
```


### Symbol price ticker
```
GET /api/v0/ticker/price
```
Latest price for a symbol or symbols.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "price": "0.00002300"
}
```


### Symbol order book ticker
```
GET /api/v0/ticker/book
```
Best price/quantity on the order book for a symbol or symbols.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "bidPrice": "0.00002000",
  "bidQuantity": "100.000000",
  "askPrice": "0.00002300",
  "askQuantity": "9000.100000"
}
```

### Circulating supply ticker
```
GET /api/v0/ticker/supply
```
Returns the circulating supply for the provided asset.

Currently, only HNS is supported, and it incorporates 1) mined coins, 2) claimed coins from the developer airdrop, 3) coins granted to project sponsors, and 4) burned coins removed from circulation due to name auctions.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
asset | STRING | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "height": 22012,
  "circulatingSupply": "116082412.354562",

}
```

## Account endpoints
### New order
```
POST /api/v0/order
```
Send in a new order.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
side | ENUM | YES | Buy or sell etc
type | ENUM | YES | Limit or market etc
quantity | DECIMAL | YES |
price | DECIMAL | NO | Required for limit orders
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "orderId": 174,
  "createdAt": 1555556529865,
  "price": "0.00000000",
  "originalQuantity": "1000.00000000",
  "executedQuantity": "1000.00000000",
  "status": "FILLED",
  "type": "MKT",
  "side": "SELL",
  "fills": [
    {
      "price": "0.00003000",
      "quantity": "500.000000",
      "quoteQuantity": "0.01500000",
      "commission": "0.00000750",
      "commissionAsset": "BTC"
    }
    {
      "price": "0.00002000",
      "quantity": "500.000000",
      "quoteQuantity": "0.01000000",
      "commission": "0.00000500",
      "commissionAsset": "BTC"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Query order
```
GET /api/v0/order
```
Check an order's status.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
orderId | LONG | YES |
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "orderId": 1,
  "price": "0.1",
  "originalQuantity": "1.0",
  "executedQuantity": "0.0",
  "status": "NEW",
  "type": "LMT",
  "side": "BUY",
  "createdAt": 1555556529865,
  "updatedAt": 1555556529865
}
```

### Cancel order
```
DELETE /api/v0/order
```
Cancel an active order.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
orderId | LONG | YES |
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "orderId": 28,
  "price": "1.00000000",
  "originalQuantity": "910.00000000",
  "executedQuantity": "19.00000000",
  "status": "CANCELED",
  "type": "LMT",
  "side": "SELL",
  "createdAt": 1555556529865,
}
```

### Current open orders
```
GET /api/v0/order/open
```
Get the most recent open orders on a symbol (limited to 500).

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
[
  {
    "orderId": 1,
    "price": "0.1",
    "originalQuantity": "1.0",
    "executedQuantity": "0.0",
    "status": "NEW",
    "type": "LMT",
    "side": "BUY",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
    "updatedAt": 1555556529865
  }
]
```

### All orders
```
GET /api/v0/order/all
```
Get all account orders; active, canceled, or filled.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
orderId | LONG | NO | Greater than or equal to 0.
limit | INT | NO | Default 100; max 1000.
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Notes:**
* If `orderId` is set, it will get orders >= that `orderId`. Otherwise you will receive the most recent orders.

**Response:**
```javascript
[
  {
    "orderId": 1,
    "price": "0.1",
    "originalQuantity": "1.0",
    "executedQuantity": "0.0",
    "status": "NEW",
    "type": "LMT",
    "side": "BUY",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
    "updatedAt": 1555556529865
  }
]
```

### Account information
```
GET /api/v0/account
```
Get basic account information.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "makerFee": 15, // in basis points, 0.15%
  "takerFee": 15, // in basis points, 0.15%
  "canTrade": true,
  "balances": [
    {
      "asset": "HNS",
      "unlocked": "779.900092",
      "lockedInOrders": "100.000000",
      "canDeposit": true,
      "canWithdraw": true
    },
    {
      "asset": "BTC",
      "unlocked": "5.10000012",
      "lockedInOrders": "1.000000",
      "canDeposit": true,
      "canWithdraw": true
    }
  ]
}
```

### Account withdrawal limits
```
GET /api/v0/account/limits
```
Retrieve your account's withdrawal limits for all assets. Withdrawal limits are applied on a 24-hour rolling basis, and the start and end time of this period are specified by `startTime` and `endTime`.

The `totalWithdrawn` key specifies how much of an asset you have withdrawn in the last 24 hours, and the `withdrawalLimit` key specifies the maximum amount you are permitted to withdraw in the specified period.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "startTime": 1555467560001,
  "endTime": 1555553960000,
  "withdrawalLimits": [
    {
      "asset": "HNS",
      "totalWithdrawn": "500.000000",
      "withdrawalLimit": "10000.000000",
    },
    {
      "asset": "BTC",
      "totalWithdrawn": "0.50000000",
      "withdrawalLimit": "5.00000000",
    }
  ]
}
```

### Account trade list
```
GET /api/v0/trade/account
```
Get trades for a specific account and symbol.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
tradeId | LONG | NO | TradeId to fetch from. Default gets most recent trades.
limit | INT | NO | Default 100; max 1000.
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Notes:**
* If `tradeId` is set, it will get trades >= that `tradeId`.  Otherwise you will get your most recent trades.

**Response:**
```javascript
[
  {
    "tradeId": 10921,
    "orderId": 61313,
    "price": "8.00000000",
    "quantity": "200.000000",
    "quoteQuantity": "1600.00000000",
    "commission": "4.500000",
    "commissionAsset": "HNS",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
    "isBuyer": true,
    "isMaker": false,
  }
]
```

### Order trade list
```
GET /api/v0/trade/order
```
Get trades for a specific order and symbol.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
orderId | LONG | YES | OrderId to get the trades for.
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
[
  {
    "tradeId": 10921,
    "orderId": 61313,
    "price": "8.00000000",
    "quantity": "200.000000",
    "quoteQuantity": "1600.00000000",
    "commission": "4.500000",
    "commissionAsset": "HNS",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
    "isBuyer": true,
    "isMaker": false,
  }
]
```

### Deposit Address
```
POST /api/v0/deposit/address
```
Generate a deposit address.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
asset | STRING | YES |
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
    "address": "ts1qjg8chhk2t4zff4ltdaug3g9f7sxgne98jyv6ar",
    "success": true,
    "asset": "HNS"
}

```

### Withdraw
```
POST /api/v0/withdraw
```
Submit a withdraw request.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
asset |  STRING | YES |
address  | STRING | YES |
amount | DECIMAL | YES |
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "message": "success",
  "success": true,
  "id": "df7282ad-df8c-44f7-b747-5b09079ee852"
}
```

### Deposit History
```
GET /api/v0/deposit/history
```
Fetch deposit history.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
asset | STRING | YES |
startTime | LONG | NO |
endTime | LONG | NO |
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |


**Response:**
```javascript
[
  {
    "asset": "HNS",
    "amount": "31.853300",
    "address": "ts1qtq6ymgcep8mz2ag32ftrktwws0hr4uygprjurf",
    "txHash": "e7714680a4d93e3b29348eab38c22bb99949ed4d8aea7006091ff5f9712d1ec6",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
  },
  {
    "asset": "HNS",
    "amount": "210.000333",
    "address": "n1M5Rw3r7WkujB2dG1L84M3a4pzr2NKvfp",
    "txHash": "1d0827c642bd67781f80fe15c0fbb349aa4e35117adba06a52add4b207d334dd",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
  }
],
```

### Withdraw History
```
GET /api/v0/withdraw/history
```
Fetch withdraw history.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
asset | STRING | YES |
startTime | LONG | NO |
endTime | LONG | NO |
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |


**Response:**

```javascript
[
  {
    "id": "3333edc6-e5c6-4d23-bf84-7b1072a90e37",
    "asset": "HNS",
    "amount": "1.000000",
    "minerFee": "0.100000",
    "address": "ts1qtq6ymgcep8mz2ag32ftrktwws0hr4uygprjurf",
    "txHash": "e7714680a4d93e3b29348eab38c22bb99949ed4d8aea7006091ff5f9712d1ec6",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
  },
  {
    "id": "180ceb4d-d303-4fed-9af6-213b5137255a",
    "asset": "HNS",
    "amount": "1200.000000",
    "minerFee": "0.200000",
    "address": "ts1qygv5nh38e9sl8npm4pcx8mqqqfp9sjaq4jrsn5",
    "txHash": "c5c398802554b861bef2ec7c4805846ff400a90f71059619974685848bbc4fd3",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
  }
]
```

Commit message:

Add the supply only flag.

rest-api.md, after:

# Public Rest API for Namebase
## General API Information
* The root API URL is https://www.namebase.io
* Parameters for GET requests must be sent as a `query string`.
* All other request methods require parameters in the request body as `Content-Type: application/json`
* Parameter order does not matter.
* All timestamps are in milliseconds.
* API errors take the following form:
```javascript
{
  "code": "NAMEBASE_API_ERROR_CODE",
  "message": "Error message appears here."
}
```

## Rate limiting
If your account repeatedly gets rate limited, then you are using the API improperly and must back off. Failure to do so will cause your account to lose API access. Namebase retains the right to ban your account with no notice if you are abusing the API.

The rate limits are set generously and are not meant to prohibit any amount of normal usage. In the future, we will standardize our rate limits and provide more explicit feedback about how many remaining requests you can send each minute.

## Timing security
* Some endpoints require you to send a `timestamp` of when you created the request.
* You can optionally specify a `receiveWindow` which determines when your timestamped request expires.
* The `receiveWindow` defaults to 5 seconds (so, `5000`)
* If your timestamp is ahead of the server time by too much, you will receive an error complaining about sending a timestamp from the future.
* You can query the exchange info endpoint to synchronize your computer's clock with the exchange's.

# Public Namebase API
## Terminology
* For a symbol like HNSBTC, HNS is the "base" asset and BTC is the "quote" asset
* All prices are in the units of quote asset per 1 unit of the base asset
* All quantities are in the units of the base asset, and all quote quantities are in the units of the quote asset
* Similarly, volumes are in the units of the base asset, and quote volumes are in the units of the quote asset

## ENUM definitions
### Order types
* `LMT` (limit)
* `MKT` (market)

### Order status
* `NEW` (on the book, no trades yet)
* `PARTIALLY_FILLED` (on the book, some trades have occurred)
* `FILLED` (automatically taken off the book, order fully satisfied)
* `CLOSED` (automatically taken off the book, order partially satisfied)
* `CANCELED` (the trader took the order off the book, order partially satisfied)

When a limit buy order is placed, due to complexities with rounding numbers, it may be the case that your order lacks sufficient quote to be fully satisfied. In this scenario, your order will automatically be removed from the book (the `CLOSED` state) and you will be refunded the dusty quote amount that remained. In the case of BTC, this dust amount is often just a few satoshis. This is rare and requires no action on your part.

When a market order is placed, there may be insufficient liquidity to fully satisfy the order. Alternatively, there may be price slippage and your account may lack sufficient funds to fully satisfy the order. In either case, the order is automtically removed from the book and placed in the `CLOSED` state.

Lastly, if you place two orders on opposite sites and accidentally trade with yourself, then your more recent order, the taker order, will be automatically removed from the book and placed in the `CLOSED` state. Your older, original order will remain on the book. For your own protection (to save you trading fees), Namebase's matching engine will not match two orders from the same user.

### Order side
* `BUY`
* `SELL`

**Valid kline intervals:**

* `1m` (one minute)
* `5m` (five minutes)
* `15m` (fifteen minutes)
* `1h` (one hour)
* `4h` (four hours)
* `12h` (twelve hours)
* `1d` (one day)
* `1w` (one week)

## Miscellaneous endpoints
### Exchange information
```
GET /api/v0/info
```
Current exchange trading rules and symbol information. Use to test connectivity to the Rest API.

**Parameters:**
NONE

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "timezone": "UTC",
  "serverTime": 1555556529865,
  "symbols": [{
    "symbol": "HNSBTC",
    "status": "TRADING",
    "baseAsset": "HNS",
    "basePrecision": 6,
    "quoteAsset": "BTC",
    "quotePrecision": 8,
    "orderTypes": ["LMT", "MKT"]
  }]
}
```

## Market Data endpoints
### Order book
```
GET /api/v0/depth
```

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
limit  | INT| NO | Default 100; max 1000. Valid limits:[5, 50, 100, 500, 1000]

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "lastEventId": 6828,         // The last event id this includes
  "bids": [
    ["0.00003000",  "200.000000"] // [Price level, Quantity]
  ],
  "asks": [
    ["0.00003100", "100.000000"]
  ]
}
```

### Trade lookup
```
GET /api/v0/trade
```
Get older trades.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
tradeId | LONG | NO | Trade id to fetch from. Default gets most recent trades.
limit | INT | NO | Default 100; max 1000.
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
[
  {
    "tradeId": 28457,
    "price": "0.00003000",
    "quantity": "500.000000",
    "quoteQuantity": "0.01500000",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
    "isBuyerMaker": true
  }
]
```

### Kline data
```
GET /api/v0/ticker/klines
```
Kline (candlestick) bars for a symbol.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
interval | ENUM | YES |
startTime | LONG | NO | Inclusive
endTime | LONG | NO | Inclusive
limit | INT | NO | Default 100; max 1000.

* If startTime and endTime are not sent, the most recent klines are returned.

**Response:**
```javascript
[
  {

    "openTime": 1557190800000,
    "closeTime": 1557190859999,
    "openPrice": "0.00002247",
    "highPrice": "0.00002256",
    "lowPrice": "0.00002243",
    "closePrice": "0.00002253",
    "volume": "10.001301",
    "quoteVolume": "0.000224824",
    "numberOfTrades": 42
  }
]
```


### 24hr ticker price change statistics
```
GET /api/v0/ticker/day
```
24 hour rolling window price change statistics.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "volumeWeightedAveragePrice": "0.00001959",
  "priceChange": "0.00000019",
  "priceChangePercent": "0.8528",
  "openPrice": "0.00002228",
  "highPrice": "0.00002247",
  "lowPrice": "0.00001414",
  "closePrice": "0.00002247",
  "volume": "11413.935399",
  "quoteVolume": "0.22363732",
  "openTime": 1555467560001,
  "closeTime": 1555553960000,
  "firstTradeId": 19761,
  "lastTradeId": 20926,
  "numberOfTrades": 1166
}
```


### Symbol price ticker
```
GET /api/v0/ticker/price
```
Latest price for a symbol or symbols.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "price": "0.00002300"
}
```


### Symbol order book ticker
```
GET /api/v0/ticker/book
```
Best price/quantity on the order book for a symbol or symbols.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "bidPrice": "0.00002000",
  "bidQuantity": "100.000000",
  "askPrice": "0.00002300",
  "askQuantity": "9000.100000"
}
```

### Circulating supply ticker
```
GET /api/v0/ticker/supply
```
Returns the circulating supply for the provided asset.

Currently, only HNS is supported, and it incorporates 1) mined coins, 2) claimed coins from the developer airdrop, 3) coins granted to project sponsors, and 4) burned coins removed from circulation due to name auctions.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
asset | STRING | YES |
supplyOnly | BOOLEAN | NO | If true, only the number will be returned (with no object labels)

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "height": 22012,
  "circulatingSupply": "116082412.354562",

}
```

## Account endpoints
### New order
```
POST /api/v0/order
```
Send in a new order.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
side | ENUM | YES | Buy or sell etc
type | ENUM | YES | Limit or market etc
quantity | DECIMAL | YES |
price | DECIMAL | NO | Required for limit orders
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "orderId": 174,
  "createdAt": 1555556529865,
  "price": "0.00000000",
  "originalQuantity": "1000.00000000",
  "executedQuantity": "1000.00000000",
  "status": "FILLED",
  "type": "MKT",
  "side": "SELL",
  "fills": [
    {
      "price": "0.00003000",
      "quantity": "500.000000",
      "quoteQuantity": "0.01500000",
      "commission": "0.00000750",
      "commissionAsset": "BTC"
    }
    {
      "price": "0.00002000",
      "quantity": "500.000000",
      "quoteQuantity": "0.01000000",
      "commission": "0.00000500",
      "commissionAsset": "BTC"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Query order
```
GET /api/v0/order
```
Check an order's status.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
orderId | LONG | YES |
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "orderId": 1,
  "price": "0.1",
  "originalQuantity": "1.0",
  "executedQuantity": "0.0",
  "status": "NEW",
  "type": "LMT",
  "side": "BUY",
  "createdAt": 1555556529865,
  "updatedAt": 1555556529865
}
```

### Cancel order
```
DELETE /api/v0/order
```
Cancel an active order.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
orderId | LONG | YES |
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "orderId": 28,
  "price": "1.00000000",
  "originalQuantity": "910.00000000",
  "executedQuantity": "19.00000000",
  "status": "CANCELED",
  "type": "LMT",
  "side": "SELL",
  "createdAt": 1555556529865,
}
```

### Current open orders
```
GET /api/v0/order/open
```
Get the most recent open orders on a symbol (limited to 500).

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
[
  {
    "orderId": 1,
    "price": "0.1",
    "originalQuantity": "1.0",
    "executedQuantity": "0.0",
    "status": "NEW",
    "type": "LMT",
    "side": "BUY",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
    "updatedAt": 1555556529865
  }
]
```

### All orders
```
GET /api/v0/order/all
```
Get all account orders; active, canceled, or filled.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
orderId | LONG | NO | Greater than or equal to 0.
limit | INT | NO | Default 100; max 1000.
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Notes:**
* If `orderId` is set, it will get orders >= that `orderId`. Otherwise you will receive the most recent orders.

**Response:**
```javascript
[
  {
    "orderId": 1,
    "price": "0.1",
    "originalQuantity": "1.0",
    "executedQuantity": "0.0",
    "status": "NEW",
    "type": "LMT",
    "side": "BUY",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
    "updatedAt": 1555556529865
  }
]
```

### Account information
```
GET /api/v0/account
```
Get basic account information.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "makerFee": 15, // in basis points, 0.15%
  "takerFee": 15, // in basis points, 0.15%
  "canTrade": true,
  "balances": [
    {
      "asset": "HNS",
      "unlocked": "779.900092",
      "lockedInOrders": "100.000000",
      "canDeposit": true,
      "canWithdraw": true
    },
    {
      "asset": "BTC",
      "unlocked": "5.10000012",
      "lockedInOrders": "1.000000",
      "canDeposit": true,
      "canWithdraw": true
    }
  ]
}
```

### Account withdrawal limits
```
GET /api/v0/account/limits
```
Retrieve your account's withdrawal limits for all assets. Withdrawal limits are applied on a 24-hour rolling basis, and the start and end time of this period are specified by `startTime` and `endTime`.

The `totalWithdrawn` key specifies how much of an asset you have withdrawn in the last 24 hours, and the `withdrawalLimit` key specifies the maximum amount you are permitted to withdraw in the specified period.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "startTime": 1555467560001,
  "endTime": 1555553960000,
  "withdrawalLimits": [
    {
      "asset": "HNS",
      "totalWithdrawn": "500.000000",
      "withdrawalLimit": "10000.000000",
    },
    {
      "asset": "BTC",
      "totalWithdrawn": "0.50000000",
      "withdrawalLimit": "5.00000000",
    }
  ]
}
```

### Account trade list
```
GET /api/v0/trade/account
```
Get trades for a specific account and symbol.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
tradeId | LONG | NO | TradeId to fetch from. Default gets most recent trades.
limit | INT | NO | Default 100; max 1000.
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Notes:**
* If `tradeId` is set, it will get trades >= that `tradeId`.  Otherwise you will get your most recent trades.

**Response:**
```javascript
[
  {
    "tradeId": 10921,
    "orderId": 61313,
    "price": "8.00000000",
    "quantity": "200.000000",
    "quoteQuantity": "1600.00000000",
    "commission": "4.500000",
    "commissionAsset": "HNS",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
    "isBuyer": true,
    "isMaker": false,
  }
]
```

### Order trade list
```
GET /api/v0/trade/order
```
Get trades for a specific order and symbol.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
symbol | STRING | YES |
orderId | LONG | YES | OrderId to get the trades for.
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
[
  {
    "tradeId": 10921,
    "orderId": 61313,
    "price": "8.00000000",
    "quantity": "200.000000",
    "quoteQuantity": "1600.00000000",
    "commission": "4.500000",
    "commissionAsset": "HNS",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
    "isBuyer": true,
    "isMaker": false,
  }
]
```

### Deposit Address
```
POST /api/v0/deposit/address
```
Generate a deposit address.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
asset | STRING | YES |
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
    "address": "ts1qjg8chhk2t4zff4ltdaug3g9f7sxgne98jyv6ar",
    "success": true,
    "asset": "HNS"
}

```

### Withdraw
```
POST /api/v0/withdraw
```
Submit a withdraw request.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
asset |  STRING | YES |
address  | STRING | YES |
amount | DECIMAL | YES |
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |

**Response:**
```javascript
{
  "message": "success",
  "success": true,
  "id": "df7282ad-df8c-44f7-b747-5b09079ee852"
}
```

### Deposit History
```
GET /api/v0/deposit/history
```
Fetch deposit history.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
asset | STRING | YES |
startTime | LONG | NO |
endTime | LONG | NO |
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |


**Response:**
```javascript
[
  {
    "asset": "HNS",
    "amount": "31.853300",
    "address": "ts1qtq6ymgcep8mz2ag32ftrktwws0hr4uygprjurf",
    "txHash": "e7714680a4d93e3b29348eab38c22bb99949ed4d8aea7006091ff5f9712d1ec6",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
  },
  {
    "asset": "HNS",
    "amount": "210.000333",
    "address": "n1M5Rw3r7WkujB2dG1L84M3a4pzr2NKvfp",
    "txHash": "1d0827c642bd67781f80fe15c0fbb349aa4e35117adba06a52add4b207d334dd",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
  }
],
```

### Withdraw History
```
GET /api/v0/withdraw/history
```
Fetch withdraw history.

**Parameters:**

Name | Type | Mandatory | Description
-----|------|-----------|------------
asset | STRING | YES |
startTime | LONG | NO |
endTime | LONG | NO |
receiveWindow | LONG | NO |
timestamp | LONG | YES |


**Response:**

```javascript
[
  {
    "id": "3333edc6-e5c6-4d23-bf84-7b1072a90e37",
    "asset": "HNS",
    "amount": "1.000000",
    "minerFee": "0.100000",
    "address": "ts1qtq6ymgcep8mz2ag32ftrktwws0hr4uygprjurf",
    "txHash": "e7714680a4d93e3b29348eab38c22bb99949ed4d8aea7006091ff5f9712d1ec6",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
  },
  {
    "id": "180ceb4d-d303-4fed-9af6-213b5137255a",
    "asset": "HNS",
    "amount": "1200.000000",
    "minerFee": "0.200000",
    "address": "ts1qygv5nh38e9sl8npm4pcx8mqqqfp9sjaq4jrsn5",
    "txHash": "c5c398802554b861bef2ec7c4805846ff400a90f71059619974685848bbc4fd3",
    "createdAt": 1555556529865,
  }
]
```
